doc: updated the goose doc with recent new features of goose recipe (#2612)
block/goose: documentation/docs/guides/session-recipes.md

   To add parameters, edit your recipe file to include template variables using `{{ variable_name }}` syntax. 

   <details>
   <summary>Example recipe with parameters</summary>
      

>    ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```yaml title="code-review.yaml"
```

>    title: {{ project_name }} Code Review

Reviewer 2: In testing, I got "Error: Unsupported file format for recipe file. Expected .yaml or .json" but wrapping this value in ' resolved it: title: '{{ project_name }} Code Review'

Reviewer 2: Also just double-checking that you intended to remove the `version` field -- the CLI added it to my new recipes

Author: Hi @dianed-square Thanks for validating the yaml file, and you found a bug! 👍 

If the {{}} appears at the start of the string, we have to use quote to wrap it.  I'll add quote and add a comment

 I'll do fix in the code so that the user does not need to remember to add the quote around it.

Author: > Also just double-checking that you intended to remove the `version` field -- the CLI added it to my new recipes

Thanks! I'll add the version back to be consistent

  --params style_guide=PEP8
  ```

  ##### Build-in Parameter

>   Goose provides a built-in parameter called `recipe_dir`. It is automatically set to the directory path where the recipe file is located.
>   You do not need to declare `recipe_dir` in the `parameters` section of your recipe or pass this parameter in the command line — it is available by default and can be used directly within your recipe file to reference additional files located in the same directory.
> 

Reviewer 3: suggestion for brevity?
```suggestion
The built-in `recipe_dir` is a default parameter that automatically provides the recipe's directory path, allowing you to reference files in the same directory without any configuration.

```

   goose run --recipe recipe.yaml --interactive --params language=Spanish --params style=formal --params name=Alice
   ```

   - Explain the recipe with description and parameters

   ```sh
   goose run --recipe recipe.yaml --explain
   ```

   #### Discover recipes
   When using recipe-related CLI commands, there are a few ways to specify which recipe to use:
   ##### Options 1: Provide the full file path
   Use the exact path to the recipe file:
      
   ```sh
   goose run --recipe ~/my_recipe.yaml
   goose recipe validate ~/my_recipe.yaml
   goose recipe deeplink ~/my_recipe.yaml
   ```
   ##### Option 2: Use the recipe name
   If your recipe is named my_recipe, you can simply use the name:

   ```sh
   goose run --recipe my_recipe
   goose recipe validate my_recipe
   goose recipe deeplink my_recipe
   ```
   When you use the recipe name, Goose will search for the file in the following order:
   1. Local search:

>       Goose will search for `my_recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe.json` in the following directories

Author: > Can you please also double-check that the indentation of the Local search and Remote search steps look consistent in the staged docs? (Proposed this change below)

Hi @dianed-square Thank you for checking.  The indent is displayed as the image attached. 

<img width="1013" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-22 at 7 59 48 am" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d83eb7a-095c-4b81-995e-d5dfd98584e3" />

I could not find the "Proposed this change below", maybe i missed. Could you please tag me or provide the link? Thank you!

>       Goose will search for `my_recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe.json` in the following directories

Author: > I wasn't able to get search using the GOOSE_RECIPE_PATH env var to work. I'm using v1.0.24 and this: `export GOOSE_RECIPE_PATH=~/Documents/goose-recipes:~/Desktop/temp`

Good catch! This feature has not been released.  I can 
- remove it for now or 
- merge this PR after the release. I guess there would be a release this week?

Hi @blackgirlbytes How urgent to publish this doc? If it is urgent, I can remove this and add this in later when v1.0.25 is released

>       Goose will search for `my_recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe.json` in the following directories

Reviewer 3: hmm, would you feel comfortable with closing this PR? I think the community member already covered the new additions to recipe params. And we added the --explain flag to our CLI commands doc. 

We can close this and then when it's released with GOOSE_RECIPE_GITHUB_REPO, we'll add it to the docs. Gives you less work.

>       Goose will search for `my_recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe.json` in the following directories

Author: Hi @blackgirlbytes GOOSE_RECIPE_GITHUB_REPO has been released in V1.0.22

>       Goose will search for `my_recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe.json` in the following directories

Reviewer 3: oh okay. it was only GOOSE_RECIPE_PATH  that wasn't . Btw this comment was before our slack conversation.

      - in the current working directory
      - in paths specified by the `GOOSE_RECIPE_PATH` environment variable (colon-separated). Example:

         ```sh
         export GOOSE_RECIPE_PATH=~/workspace/recipes:~/Documents/recipes_directory
         ```
   2. Remote search (GitHub):

>    - If the `GOOSE_RECIPE_GITHUB_REPO` environment variable is set or configured in the `Goose Settings` via `goose configure`, Goose will search the specified GitHub repo. (eg: my_org/goose-recipes).
>    - Goose will look for `my_recipe/recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe/recipe.json` within that GitHub repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - If the `GOOSE_RECIPE_GITHUB_REPO` environment variable is set or configured in the `Goose Settings` via `goose configure`, Goose will search the specified GitHub repo. (eg: my_org/goose-recipes).
      - Goose will look for `my_recipe/recipe.yaml` or `my_recipe/recipe.json` within that GitHub repository.
```
